# <h2 align="center">INDUCTON REPORT</h2>
### Day- 01
#### *8:30 am to 10 am* **S̲h̲a̲b̲a̲d̲ ̲K̲i̲r̲t̲a̲n̲**
What a delightful and **soul**ful experience it was! As we all, students of Btech First Year from CS and IT Branches gathered in the religious place to seek blessings from the Almighty for a new phase of life. An immenseful period of time which passed as quickly as a silent gust even though it lasted half an hour longer than it was supposed to.

#### *10 am to 10:15 am* **T̲e̲a̲ ̲A̲n̲d̲ ̲S̲n̲a̲c̲k̲s̲**
After Shabad Kirtan, all were headed right across the Gurdwara for some tea and snacks. It was supposed to last for 30 minutes but we were then asked to wrap it up under 15 minutes.

#### *10:15 am to 1"15 pm* **A̲u̲d̲i̲t̲o̲r̲i̲u̲m̲**
All the freshmen started moving toards the Auditorium where we were told to attend some speeches of supposed dignitaries. There used to be many guest lectures in my school and the auditorium speeched made by various guests appeared ike one except for the fact that all of them were delayed by half an hour or so. I am sure it must've been frustrating for some to wait for such long ideally and so was I at first, but I guess it wasn't such a big deal for college autorities after all as the students witnessed more delays in subsequent classes and lectures the following days.

#### *1:15 pm to 1:30 pm* **B̲r̲e̲a̲k̲**
I really had to gobble up my food as we were told to report back after finally getting over the tedious lectures which kept on repeating themselves, within mere 15 minutes. Though the break was supposed be of 1 and a half hour, the poor time management by the staff once again kept getting on my nerves.

#### *1:30 pm to 4 pm* **I̲n̲t̲r̲o̲d̲u̲c̲t̲i̲o̲n̲ ̲T̲o̲ ̲C̲l̲a̲s̲s̲e̲s̲**
We were finally introduced to our class, some of the activity incharges who introduced and familiarised us to some concepts and norms of the college. The classrooms,quite modest in appearance sat about 40 students then with just windows and fans maintaining the cool atmosphere which was also aided by the rainy wind. We sat there for quite a while... Again longer than we were supposed to and finally, were discharged which marked the end of the first day of college.

### Day- 02
#### *9:30 am to 10:30 am* **E̲n̲g̲l̲i̲s̲h̲ ̲P̲r̲o̲f̲i̲c̲i̲e̲n̲c̲y̲ ̲T̲e̲s̲t̲**
The first test here at GNE about which we were informed a day before was conducted in class F-106 with a presence of about 30 students. The level was quite easy which justified its notice period for other students. We were given an hour to solve 5 questions- 2 of which were comprehension questions, 1 E-Mail and a Letter which were included in Secion- B (Writing Section) followed by some quite simple grammar questions.

#### *11 am to 12 pm* **M̲a̲t̲h̲s̲ ̲P̲r̲o̲f̲i̲c̲i̲e̲n̲c̲y̲ ̲T̲e̲s̲t̲**
Second test assigned was Maths's. I doubted my presence there as the Maths test was such a cinch! I had already tried to revise all the formulae of class 11 and 12 of Maths but to my surprise, the test only included only 15.8% of idiot-proof questions of mentioned classes. Rest all questions were quite basic. The worst thing was yet to come.. When the seniors who were on duty during the test, started writing answers of questions on the greenboard. They would write it on the board and tell the students that the answer is going to be erased within 5 seconds and in this way, ended up telling the answers of about 70% questions. I didn't get indulge in any cheating activity and left 2 questions because I doubted them a bit, though their answers ere already written on the board. Those seniors were set on to disrupt the so called image of GNE.

#### *12 pm to 1 pm* **B̲r̲e̲a̲k̲**
The break which was supposed to be of 1 and a half hours ended up being of 1 hour again due to the poor time management by those in charge. 2nd day in college and 2nd day witnessing time management issues by them.
I went to the library during break and sat there for an hour after which I started moving towards the Auditorium for some lectures.

#### *1 pm to 4:15 pm* **A̲u̲d̲i̲t̲o̲r̲i̲u̲m̲**
Witnessing poor time control twice in a day, I understood that I would have to put up with this issue maybe on a regular basis for quite sometime at least. The session began quite late till when the seniors sang songs on stage and were just beating about the bush. The lectures were supposed to be by Mr. Arshdeep Singh, a PAU Professor and Members of Causmic Club but it didn't make sense when came peope from Buddy4Study site informing about Satya Scholarship only for those whose parents' income is less than 5 lakhs/annum. They told about checking their sites promising that ~other students~, all types of students can meet one or another eligibility criteria for applying for scholarships. When I checked their site, it only had scholarships for backward classes or those with parents' income less than maximum 8 lakhs... These so called reservations have already killed me and so, listening them talk about schoarships for SC/ST/OBC was really unbearable. The whole session was of no use to me but I had to sit there for 1 and a half hour. After the organisers were done with their schemes, there was yet another delay of 30 minutes before Mr. Arshdeep Singh, the actual one who had to address the audience arrived. His session on 'Food: A Pivotal...' which was originally scheduled for 1 hour, was shortened to half the time i.e. 30 minutes. But, given the adjustments made by those resposible leading to my expectations quite negative from this session, they were in contrast with the actual energy of the session as the PAU professor shared really valuable tips and made it an interactive session where students too participated in questions asking from Mr. Arshdeep Singh. He cleared many myths about food andshared many advices regarding what to eat and when.
After the session was over, we were asked to write a repository of the induction programme by seniors who showed us on stage how to make one using GitHub. Although, they didn't tell much about GitHub, it didn't matter because I would've looked it up online anywy for more clarity of this unfamiliar website.
The last part of the lectures was some sort of speech by Mrs. Harpreet Kaur, H.O.D. Applied Sciences who insisted upon making decorum in G.N.E. and rambled on and on about the same. It was quite hypocritic as when she was told about the cheating case in English and Maths tests the same day, she laughed upon it taking it on a lighter note marking the end of the session which was supposed to end about 1 hour 15 minutes before.
All this marked the end of 2nd day in G.N.E.
